# Task 3

## Motivations, Goals, and Plans
I want to learn high-performance computing because in my previous experience with data science projects, I usually have to work with large datasets and complex models that require a long time to output the results. With the deepending of study, I sometimes encounter situations where model training took several hours or being limited by the system resources of my laptop. These experiences made me realize that personal computing environments are insufficent for large scale data analysis. Hence, I'm interested in learning how to make this process more efficient. Moreover, I'm applying for Biostatstics graduate programs and HPC would be an important skill for my future research. My goal for this course is to understand the principles and applications of HPC and to improve my ability to write efficient code. In addition, I previously had very limited undertsanding of HPC and its role. Through this course, I hope to develop a more systematic understanding of how HPC supports large-scale analysis. My plans for this course is to preview the materials to make sure I fully understand their functions. I'll also review the materials actively and practice after class. I'll also use online resources to explore different approaches.

## Folder Structure
My folder structure has clear directories showing the stages of a research. The data is separated into raw and clean subdirectories, which prevents accidental modification and preserve the integrity of the original data. The analysis process will be stored in scripts folder, ensuring all the process are clearly documented. The results folder stores the output generated from the analysis. The docs folder has supplementary explanations to make the process more understanable. The configuration files clearly state the parameters and system setting. This allows us to adjust the analysis without modifying the core code. The logs directory will save execution details and error messages, which make the process viewable and easy to debug. Overall, the folder structure is comprehensive and reproducible.

## Why Documented Code
Proper documentation and explanations of codes can help others understanding the logic and some essential elements of the research. No matter whether it's for cooperation or for presenting the project to others, this approach is clearer and more efficient. From my perspective, it can remind me the work I have done after a long time. It's hard to remember all the details in a research, especially when working on several projects, so the clear documented code would be important and efficient. In addition, documented code can make the research process more reliable and trustworthy.

## Personal Background
I'm currently majoring in Data Science with data application track. In the future, I plan to study statistics or biostatistics during my graduate studies. I believe that HPC will be beneficial to my future research and even my career. I hope to strengthen my analytical abilities and prepare myself for more challenging researchs that involve complex data and intentive computation in the future. I also hope to gain more experience working with large scale computing systems and collaborative research environments, which will help me better adapt to interdisciplinary research teams.